Calendly docs refresh (#383)
cyclr/docs: pages/connector-authentication/calendly.md

---
title: Calendly Authentication
sidebar: cyclr_sidebar
permalink: calendly-connector
tags: [connector]
---

## Calendly setup

> Before you install the Calendly connector into a Cyclr account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you install the Calendly connector into a Cyclr account, you need to do the following:
```

1. [Register a Calendly OAuth application](#register-a-calendly-oauth-application).
2. [Get a **client ID** and **client secret**](#get-a-client-id-and-client-secret) for your Calendly OAuth application.

<a href="register-a-calendly-oauth-application">

### Register a Calendly OAuth application

> You can find Calendly's guide on how to register an OAuth application [here](https://help.klaviyo.com/hc/en-us/articles/7423954176283) under the **Register and authenticate your OAuth application** heading. On the **Register your public application** form, the **OAuth redirect URL** field is the callback URL of your Cyclr service domain. For example, `https://{Your Cyclr service domain e.g. app-h.cyclr.com}/connector/callback`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see how to register an OAuth application, see [Calendly's guide](https://help.klaviyo.com/hc/en-us/articles/7423954176283) under the **Register and authenticate your OAuth application** heading. 

On the **Register your public application** form, the **OAuth redirect URL** field is the callback URL of your Cyclr service domain. For example, `https://{Your Cyclr service domain e.g. app-h.cyclr.com}/connector/callback`.
```

<a href="get-a-client-id-and-client-secret">

### Get a client ID and client secret

> You will receive a client ID and client secret via email after [registering a Calendly OAuth application](#register-a-calendly-oauth-application). Contact Calendly support if you do not receive these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You receive a client ID and client secret via email when you [register a Calendly OAuth application](#register-a-calendly-oauth-application). Contact Calendly support if you don't receive these.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You will receive a client ID and client secret via email after [registering a Calendly OAuth application](#register-a-calendly-oauth-application). This may take up to 24 hours. Contact Calendly support if you do not receive these.
```
I think we need to communicate that it takes some time, does this work?

## Cyclr console setup

To set up your Calendly connector, go to your Cyclr console:

1. Select **Connectors** > **Application Connector Library** at the top of the page.
2. Use the search box to find the **Calendly** connector.
3. Select the **Setup Required** icon.

> 4. Enter the below values, a value here will allow you to use a different value for each installation within an account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter the values below:
```

Reviewer: i don't understand that bit ahh

Author: Definitely didn't copy it from a previous doc!

---
title: Calendly Authentication
sidebar: cyclr_sidebar
permalink: calendly-connector
tags: [connector]
---

## Calendly setup

Before you install the Calendly connector into a Cyclr account, you need to do the following:

1. [Register a Calendly OAuth application](#register-a-calendly-oauth-application).
2. [Get a **client ID** and **client secret**](#get-a-client-id-and-client-secret) for your Calendly OAuth application.

<a href="register-a-calendly-oauth-application">

### Register a Calendly OAuth application

To see how to register an OAuth application, see [Calendly's guide](https://help.klaviyo.com/hc/en-us/articles/7423954176283) under the **Register and authenticate your OAuth application** heading. 

On the **Register your public application** form, the **OAuth redirect URL** field is the callback URL of your Cyclr service domain. For example, `https://{Your Cyclr service domain e.g. app-h.cyclr.com}/connector/callback`.

<a href="get-a-client-id-and-client-secret">

### Get a client ID and client secret

> You receive a client ID and client secret via email when you [register a Calendly OAuth application](#register-a-calendly-oauth-application). Contact Calendly support if you don't receive these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You receive a client ID and client secret via email when you [register a Calendly OAuth application](#register-a-calendly-oauth-application).  This might take up to 24 hours. Contact Calendly support if you don't receive these values.
```
